Add the Building and Setup Guide for RSDKv2 Decompilation (and the images) (#9)
RSDKModding/RSDK-Modding-Wiki: docs/Guides/RSDKv2/Decompilation/Setup.md

# Setting Up the RSDKv2 Decompilation

## Prerequisites
- A build of the RSDKv2 Decompilation for the target platform. You can get one by:
    - [Building the source code](Building.md) (Recommended)
    - [Downloading the latest release](https://github.com/RSDKModding/RSDKv2-Decompilation/releases)
    - [Downloading an autobuild](https://github.com/RSDKModding/RSDKv2-Decompilation/actions)

> - [Sonic Nexus (specficially the data.bin file from the downloaded archive)](https://info.sonicretro.org/Sonic_Nexus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The `Data.bin` file from Sonic Nexus](https://info.sonicretro.org/Sonic_Nexus)
```

- [Visual C++ Redistributables](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/windows/latest-supported-vc-redist?view=msvc-170#latest-microsoft-visual-c-redistributable-version) (Windows only)

## Setup
=== "Windows"

    !!! tip
        It's highly recommended to [enable file extensions in File Explorer](https://www.thewindowsclub.com/show-file-extensions-in-windows) to reduce the chance of a file being named incorrectly.

    !!! warning
        **DO NOT** place the decompilation in a Windows user directory. This includes folders such as Documents, Downloads, and the Desktop. These directories are known to cause issues with the decomp, such as crashes or mods not working. It's recommended to instead place the decomp somewhere in a `Games` folder located in the root of C drive, or another drive entirely if possible.

    Place the decompilation EXE file in the target directory.

    ![Nexus.exe](/assets/images/Windows/FileExplorer/SonicNexus/Setup-EXE.png)

>     Copy the `data.bin` and the `bass.dll` file from the Sonic Nexus root

Reviewer: The decomp doesn't use `bass.dll`.
```suggestion
    Copy the `Data.bin` file from Sonic Nexus in this directory.
```

>     ![Data.bin and bass.dll](/assets/images/Windows/FileExplorer/SonicNexus/Setup-DATA.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ![Data.bin](/assets/images/Windows/FileExplorer/SonicNexus/Setup-DATA.png)
```

=== "Linux"

    TODO

=== "MacOS"

>     TODO

Reviewer: macOS is not officially supported, please remove it.

Author: Even though, it is in the getting dependencies page for macOS in the [RSDKModding/RSDKv2-Decompilation](https://github.com/RSDKModding/RSDKv2-Decompilation) repo, I still did "fix it", so here you go, I mean if macOS has its own getting dependencies section here, then it is technically compilable, I mean it did say in the README.md
```
### Mac
* Clone the repo, follow the instructions in the [depencencies readme for Mac](./dependencies/mac/dependencies.txt) to setup dependencies, then build via the Xcode project.
```
But like you said, it might not be official, so I did remove it

## Troubleshooting

> If some error appears during the gameplay of the decompilation, then please let us know at [our discord server](https://dc.railgun.works/retroengine), as we might be able to help you with whatever error you might have.

Reviewer: Remove this Troubleshooting section entirely.

## FAQ

### Why isn't there the Mod Setup guide?

> This is because, unlike other decompilation versions, not many mods were made for the decompilation version, thus, there is no Mod Setup guide, once many modders jump on this fossil of the decompilation version, then it might be added.

Reviewer: "There aren't any mods" is not an excuse not to make a mod setup guide. If you didn't want to write one, you could've just not made one. Remove this FAQ section entirely.
